keys, values, entries

They let you turn object into an Iterable Object.
What is Iterable Object? Arrays is something that you can step through there's sort of an index, there's twelve items so it'll be zero through elven of the numbers of indexes for that.

With an object I have bunch of properties but there is not really no way for me to knwo which ones first which ones second.. There's no index that syas that these are supposed to go in sort of order and there's no LENGHT PROPERTY , i cannot ask whats the length of this object.

So an iterable object for example an array , strings are also iterable, Nodelists are iterable, typed ararays , map, sets, and the arguemnts keyword you get inside of a function those are all iterable objects. and those are all things you can ask for their lenght. and we can use for in loops or we can use for of loops. for of loops are designed to work with iterable objects.

so the arr will be the iterable objects for(let prop of arr) . for each one of the elements inside there the prop would represent each one of them.

Other reason for having iterable objects like arrays it means that we can do things like call forEach method , theres foreach method on arrays as well as on nodelist so this lets us call a function once for each one of the elements insdie there./ I can do that on an object. theres also filter map reduce, these are very useful methods that belong to an array objects.

Now keys, values, entries these will create an Array from an Object so then we can use the Array methods , for of

```javascript
let westeros = {
  cersei: "Lannister",
  arya: "Stark",
  jon: "Snow",
  brienne: "Tarth",
  danerys: "Targaryen",
  theon: "Greyjoy",
  jorah: "Mormonet",
  margaery: "Tyrell",
  sandor: "Clegane",
  samwell: "Tarly",
  ramsay: "Bolton",
};

// for(let prop of arr)
// foreach filter map reduce

let keys = Object.keys(westeros);
//(11) ["cersei", "arya", "jon", "brienne", "danerys", "theon", "jorah", "margaery", "sandor", "samwell", "ramsay"]
let vals = Object.values(westeros);
//(11) ["Lannister", "Stark", "Snow", "Tarth", "Targaryen", "Greyjoy", "Mormonet", "Tyrell", "Clegane", "Tarly", "Bolton"]
let entries = Object.entries(westeros);
/*
(11) [Array(2), Array(2), Array(2), Array(2), Array(2), Array(2), Array(2), Array(2), Array(2), Array(2), Array(2)]
0: (2) ["cersei", "Lannister"]
1: (2) ["arya", "Stark"]
2: (2) ["jon", "Snow"]
3: (2) ["brienne", "Tarth"]
4: (2) ["danerys", "Targaryen"]
5: (2) ["theon", "Greyjoy"]
6: (2) ["jorah", "Mormonet"]
7: (2) ["margaery", "Tyrell"]
8: (2) ["sandor", "Clegane"]
9: (2) ["samwell", "Tarly"]
10: (2) ["ramsay", "Bolton"]
length: 11

*/
console.log(entries[2][1]); // 'Snow'
```

keys : It's going to give me an array so an iterable object that contains all of the keys

entries : it's going to give us key and values back
every one of the items inside this array ['cersei','Lanniester'] theres going to be two properties ,property 0 , property 1
0 will be the key
1 will be the value

thats key values and objects. IT allows you to turn an object into something that is Iterable. So you can use it with all the functionality that comes in with JAvascript dealing with iterables
